I'm going to be here.;; I'm going to be here to be here.;; I go here to be here.
I'm afraid you won't go to the right place.;; I'm afraid that you don't go to the right place.;;.
I close the door?;; do I put the door?;; could I put the door?
He took down his hand.;; he turned down his hand.;; he turned down his coat.
He is taller than all the others.;; he is more than all the other day.;; he is taller than all the others are.
I wish I'd like to get married.;; I'd like to talk to the well.;; I wish I'd like to make a well.
I don't go to wine wine.;; I don't want to talk about wine.;; I don't want to drink wine.
Is his house's house in the station?;; his house is on his house in the station?;; his house is in his house way to the station?
Tom is more than me than me.;; Tom is taller than me.;; Tom is more than me.
There is no one.;; there is no one.;; there's no car.
Tom and let's think;; Tom and let's think;; Tom and let Tom,
Do he have a movie's movie?;; does it have a movie of a movie?;; is there a movie of a movie.
.;; he is what I'm going to get out of that.;; he's going to know what I'm going to get out of it.
He turned down his;; he turned down his;; he took down his
I'm very tired.;; I'm very angry.;; I'm very surprised.
Tom doesn't like the word.;; Tom doesn't like the word.;; Tom doesn't like the truth.
Women like to get married.;; women want to get out of questions.;; women want to get married.
Thank it, that will be everything.;; thank it, it will be everything.;; thank you, it will be everything.
He decided to wash his mind to this children.;; he decided to buy his children in this room.;; he decided to wash his mind to this room.
The room has been going to the United;; the room has been going to the United;; the room has been going to the United
They don't have a long time.;; they don't care so long time;; they don't care so long time.
I'm happy, because you're happy.;; I'm happy, because you're happy, because you're happy here.;; I'm happy, because you're happy, because you're here.
You must learn to learn to learn to learn to learn.;; you must learn to learn to learn to learn to.;; you must learn to learn to learn to learn.
Let's a good person in a hurry.;; let's a good person in a hurry.;; let's a good person in a hurry.
You're lucky to have a job.;; you are lucky to have a job.;; you're lucky to have an job.
This is not so where the snow that the only one who will get him to me.;; this is not so where the snow that the only one who will get him to me.;; this is not so where the snow that the only one who will get him to me.
I never had a only one I would have a only one of a alone to get a out of child.;; I never had a only one I would have a only one of a alone to get a out of cake.;; I never had a only one I would have a only one of a alone to get a out of cake.
It gives me the;; it will me give me the;; I will give me up!
I learned French before the French before to go to bed.;; I learned French before the French before going to go.;; I learned French before the French before to go alone.
You're up, isn't you?;; you're born, isn't you?;; you're up, don't you?
The little girl is nothing more than anything.;; the small girl is nothing more than anything.;; the little girl is nothing more than to cry.
.;;.;; I'm sorry, too I'm.
Do you have already met?;; do you have already met it?;; do you have already met him?
Talk your life with your life.;; talk of your life.;; speak please me your life.
I know I can do that I can go more quickly.;; I know I can go more quickly.;; I know I can go more quickly more.
.;; I'm looking on my old friends in the party of the party.;; I'm looking on my old friends in the party of the party of the other day.
What did you have dinner?;; what did you find dinner?;; what do you do after dinner?
Do you have the help with you?;; do you have the use with you?;; do you have the use with you?
The experience is important.;; the experience is important,;; the experience is breakfast.
He had the kitchen of the money, so they decided to walk him.;; he had the kitchen of the money, so they've decided to walk him.;; he had the kitchen of the money, so they've decided to walk him.
Why don't you done it?;; why didn't you done it?;; why didn't you have done?
.;; it's on what we got on our;; this is on what we got on our
She took him a life life.;; she made a life life.;; she took off a life life.
Tom doesn't tell you nothing?;; Tom didn't tell you nothing?;; Tom doesn't tell you anything?
I know what's a true.;; I know what's an wrong.;; I know what's a wrong of this.
You'll get out of everything.;; you'll get out of everything.;; you seem to get out of everything.
This room seems killed.;; this room seems born.;; this room seems their room.
I took a few few hours of a few hours, but I'm looking for a couple and a book and a book.;; I took a few few hours of a few hours, but I'm looking for a couple and a book and a book.;; I took a few few hours of a few hours, but I'm looking for a couple and a book and a book.
Children have a lunch to get a on the beach.;; children have a lunch to get a understand of the beach.;; children have a lunch to get a understand on the beach.
What did he do you?;; what did he have done?;; what did it do you?
Please have to take a meeting three times a day.;; please have to take a meeting three times a day.;; please do you have a use three times a day.
Tom took a beer on a beer.;; Tom made a beer beer.;; Tom knows a beer beer.
When I turn to the world.;; when I turn to the world.;; when I've always been to the world, I've always had a lot of questions before.
I wanted to know why you're not wanted.;; I wanted to know why you're not going to know why you're not in yesterday.;; I wanted to know why you're not going to know why you're not at yesterday.
.;; he will be a will get to this party!;; he will be a will get to this party!
Tom didn't know how to keep it.;; Tom doesn't know how to make it.;; Tom didn't know how to make it.
There;; he will be alone alone.;; he came alone alone.
Let's go to be called, but and live.;; let's go to be called, but and live!;; let's go back to be called, and the other of the future.
Everybody had a good year last year.;; everyone was a good year last year.;; everyone had been a good year last year.
I told him not to leave him.;; I told him not to tell him not.;; I told him not to go.
I'd like to don't want to go so much.;; I'd like to don't want to go so much to go.;; I'd like to don't like it there.
The girls did their "to have a trip to make a trip for this summer.;; the girls did their" to have a trip to make a trip for this summer.;; the girls did their "to make a trip to make a trip for this summer.
That's only a child.;; this is only a child.;; it's only a child.
She can't see me time to see him on time;; she can't see me time to see him on time.;; she comes to see me time to see me time.
Don't leave on this matter.;; don't leave on this matter.;; don't leave on this way.
I succeeded to say the book.;; I succeeded to tell the book.;; I went to tell the book.
A cat a cat a cat.;; a cat a cat a cat.;; a cat a cat a cat a cat.
What's something good?;; what's something good?;; are there any thing?
Can you keep this bicycle?;; can you keep this bag?;; can you keep this advice?
The past, the company are a good dog and a good question of a good question of a good dog.;; the past, the company are a good dog and a good question of a good question of a good dog, and it will be a good at to the other of the other of the other-of the other-of-';; the past, the company are a good dog and a good question of a good question of a good dog, and it will be a good at to the other of the other of the other-of the other-of-'
Could you see it more just?;; could you do it more just?;; could you do it anymore?
Let's get up to it.;; let's go to the right.;; let's go to the right.
They have what they're thinking.;; they have what they're thinking.;; they have what they were thinking.
Is Tom done;; does Tom become crazy?;; does Tom buy crazy?
It's very easy to be easy.;; it's very easy to easy.;; it's very easy to have very easy.
I don't want to be too much.;; I don't like time to be too long.;; I don't like been too long.
It's a good picture.;; he's a good picture.;; he is a good picture.
He is the new day of the mountain of France.;; he is the new day of the mountain of France in France.;; he is the new day of the mountain of the mountain of France.
I'm in love this evening.;; I'm living in this evening.;; I'm in love tonight tonight.
Come with me at the station with me.;; come with me in the station with me.;; come with me to the station with me.
I'll get you to the station tomorrow.;; I'll let you go to the station tomorrow.;; I'll tell you in the station tomorrow.
He took a few days later.;; he made a few days later.;; he turned a few days later.
Can you read what it said?;; can you read what that said?;; can you read what that told you?
Is it possible to have a day?;; is it possible to buy a day?;; is it possible to buy a day?
The health is out of the health.;; the health is up to bed.;; the health is up to the health.
It's sure that it's what to be supposed to work to work.;; it's sure that it's sure that it is what to be supposed to see a job.;; it's sure that it's sure that it is what to be supposed to be a like child.
I know you want to go home.;; I know you want to go home at home.;; I know you want to get home home.
Is it all wrong?;;?;; is there anything?
Thanks to this book, I learned this book.;; for this book, I learned this book.;; thanks to the book, I learned this book, I learned things on that book.
I think Tom is awake.;; I think Tom's awake.;; I think Tom is correct.
There were always too much to get out of his car in his own.;; there were always too much to get out of his car in his own.;; there were always too much to get out of his car in his own.
I thought you'd be here.;; I thought you'd be here for here.;; I thought you would be here.
We lost together together.;; we've got together together.;; we've come together together.
Do you have this water?;; do you have any water this water?;; do you have any water that water?
For a thing to be a cold.;; for a thing to be a cold, it must have to get a out of hours to play.;; for a thing to be a cold, it must have to get a out of hours to play.
I had to have my car to find my car.;; I had to find my car at another car.;; I had to have my car to find my car on a place.
All the trip, the trip out of the trip.;; all the trip, the trip out of the trip the trip.;; all the trip, the trip, the trip out of dollars.
You speak my language my language.;; you're talking my language.;; you'll find my language my language.
.;; he doesn't like to wait in the morning to do something to do something.;; he doesn't like going to go to the morning to do something to do something.
It's kind of danger.;; it's kind of fun.;; it's dangerous to happen.
She must have a room with her sister.;; she should have a room with her sister.;; she must have an room with her sister.
Is there your friends?;; is he on your friends?;; does he have your friends?
These question are done.;; these question are done.;; these thing are done.
How can you be careful with the world when the world!;; how can you be careful with the world when the world.;; how can you be careful with the world when the world is so well!
"Look, one!;;" look, a man!;; "look, a man!"
You can't buy it buy, buy you buy this last year.;; you can't buy it buy, buy you buy this last year.;; you can't buy it buy, buy you buy this new without.
Do you remember her phone number?;; do you remember his phone number?;; do you remember his phone phone number?
.;; Tom, who is in happy anything to do that.;; Tom, who's going to be happy, what to do that.
It won't be easy to be easy for you.;; it won't be easy for you.;; it won't be easy to be easy to you.
Are you your parents parents?;; do you know your parents?;; are you your parents like your parents?
I want to talk to you to help me.;; I want to remember you to help me.;; I want to talk to you for me to help me.
What are you going to do?;; what are you doing?;; what are you trying to do?
Those who have the hair hair a lot of hair.;; those who have the hair hair a lot of hair.;; those who did the hair have a great hair.
You were afraid, isn't you?;; you was afraid, isn't you?;; you were afraid, didn't you?
Is it your bicycle?;; is that your bicycle?;; is this your bicycle?
I know Tom doesn't like Mary like Mary.;; I know Tom don't like Mary like Mary.;; I know Tom didn't like Mary like Mary.
What's wrong?;; what's the answer?;; what's the answer?
Call a doctor.;; call a doctor in a doctor!;; call a doctor is a doctor!
Tom said everything he knew all to the police.;; Tom told everything he knew all to the police.;; Tom said everything he knew anything about the police.
I'm not tired of everything.;; I'm not tired of everything.;; I'm not tired of the everything.
Who would you like to talk with you?;; who would you want to talk with you?;; who would you want to talk to?
I'd like to help them if I'd want to help them.;; I'd like to help them if I would like to help them.;; I'd like to help them if I'd like to help them.
Do you know where are the others?;; do you know where is the others?;; do you know where are you others?
Tom admitted that he didn't see him.;; Tom left that he didn't see him wasn't seen it.;; Tom left that he didn't see him he had no seen.
This car has a hat.;; this car has an never has a shot.;; this car has an never has a shot.
Do you have already seen the floor of;; do you have already seen the floor of;; do you have already seen the floor of
She's sleeping.;; she's trying to do the station.;; she is lucky to do the station.
Does someone heard me?;;?;;?
I don't like just alone.;; I don't like much alone.;; I don't like late alone.
I think we're all a little bit.;; I think we're all a little bit of;; I think we're all a bit bit.
I'm Tom.;; I think Tom's cold.;; I think Tom's cold.
.;;.;; I took a difficult to have a time.
What are you going to write?;; what are you watching?;; what are you talking to
I still have any other things to do things.;; I still have done more things to do things.;; I still've still have done things to do things.
He has changed now.;; he has a lot of them.;; he has changed to help them.
You may tell me everything you can tell me.;; you can tell me tell me.;; you may tell me anything.
"He died or" or "," he is life or ".;;" he died or "or", "he is life or".;; "he died or" or "," he is life or ".
Please talk to me your mind.;; please talk to me your mind.;; have me to talk to your mind.
They're very intelligent.;; they're very careful.;; they're very rude.
He doesn't go to you.;; he doesn't talk to you.;; he doesn't go to you yet.
There's a table.;; there are a table.;; there is a table.
She came for a man for a man.;; she felt for a man for a man.;; she found for a man for a man.
In the work, he went to the work, he went to bed.;; in the work, he went to the work, he went to bed.;; in the job, he went to the work, he went to bed.
I saw you at the TV of times.;; I saw you at the TV of time.;; I saw you on the TV.
Are you sure?;; are you sure?;; are you safe?
He was going to go together.;; he was going to go together.;; he was going to get married.
The same was really in a really, but the doctor was really, but the doctor was a really doctor.;; the same was really in a really, but the doctor was really, but the doctor was a really doctor.;; the same was really in a really, but the doctor was really, but the doctor was a really doctor.
He doesn't have to solve the problem.;; he doesn't know how to solve the problem.;; he doesn't know how to solve the problem.
My grandmother is in my grandmother in my heart.;; my grandmother is in my grandmother in my heart.;; my grandmother's in my grandmother in my heart.
Don't do anything to do anything.;; don't touch anything about anything.;; don't touch anything about nothing.
No.;; no, just is this one.;; no, just there is this one.
.;; I'm looking for my baby baby in the meeting.;; I'm looking for my baby baby in the dark.
.;; I've always always a good way to get a good of my bad in my own.;; I've always always a good way to get a good of my bad in my own.
Tom is a old one of them.;; Tom is a old one of them.;; Tom is a the old one of a teacher.
I think the answer.;; I think the answer's answer.;; I think the answer. I think the answer.
What's the phone of today?;; what's the key of today?;; what's the done of going today?
I didn't know how to leave him.;; I don't know how to talk that.;; I didn't know how to talk that.
Look at the rain.;; look at the room.;; look at the rain's
Let's go to the church.;; let's go to the station.;; let's go to the park.
You won't ask me like that.;; you won't ask me like this.;; you won't tell me you don't talk to me like that.
I can go to school in ten minutes.;; I can go to school in ten minutes minutes.;; I can go to school in ten ten minutes.
Tom is watching money.;; Tom is about the money.;; Tom is at the money.
I can't make anything, but I'm going to do with my best.;; I can't remember anything, but I'm going to do with my best.;; I can't help anything, but I'm going to do with my best.
Thank you from the world too much.;; thank you from the world too much.;; thank you of the future out of the world.
I'd like you to go to my parents.;; I'd like you to meet my parents.;; I would like you to go to my parents.
.;; my father won't be afraid of that father's doing;; my father won't be afraid of that father's doing.
I'm looking at my grandmother.;;.;;.
I don't know where to go, or what to do.;; I don't know where to go, what to do.;; I don't know where I didn't know where to do.
You know everyone to everyone the world.;; you know everyone.;; you know everyone the world.
Better is not going to think there.;; better is not think of us there.;; better is not thinking of us there.
We were glad on a look in the park.;; we were glad on a look in the park.;; we were early on a look in the park.
.;; I've got up the ready to Tom.;; I've got up the ready to Tom.
You're going to see you to talk to talk about French.;; you're going to see you to talk to talk about it.;; you're going to see you to speak to talk about it.
Do you know that?;; do you know anything?;;?
Do you like me?;; do you remember me?;;?
Tom married the hair every day.;; Tom married his hair every day.;; Tom married his hair all day.
Tom is afraid of the company Tom of the money.;; Tom is afraid of the company Tom of the money of the money.;; Tom is afraid of the company Tom of the money to money.
We never never know the truth on his death;; we never know the truth on his death;; we'll never know the truth on his death
All you must do it is wait.;; all you have to do that is wait.;; all you must do that is wait.
What's this time?;; what does it, this time?;; what's it, this time?
I took him the floor in him.;; I took him to the floor at him.;; I took him for him to took him.
It must be the morning, but it must be the morning.;; it must be the morning, because it must be the morning.;; it must be the morning, but it must be the morning of it.
I bought this car if I've bought this car.;; I bought this car if I've bought that car.;; I bought this car if I had seen this car.
This word is a name, and that word.;; this word is a name and an time at once.;; this word is a name and the time to the time.
She took down his;; she took down his;; she turned him to get up his
I think you should live here.;; I think you should take a look here.;; I think you should take a look here.
Do you have read a pen's friends;; do you have read a pen's friends?;; did you read a hand on the company
How do you know how is the;; how do you know how to know is the;; how do you know what's wrong?
You aren't, so?;; you don't have, so?;; you won't be, so you?
It's kind of danger.;; it's kind of fun.;; it's dangerous to happen.
As I thought that I thought it's time.;; as I thought that I thought, she's a doctor.;; as I thought that she's a doctor.
I'm looking for what he said in French.;; I'm looking for what he said in French.;; I'll find on what he said in French.
He put the box on the table.;; he left the box on the table.;; he took down the box on the table.
The kitchen is interesting.;; the kitchen is hard.;; the kitchen is interesting today.
Animals can't do what's true.;; animals can't do what's true.;; animals can't do this who is true.
He wrote a lot of letter.;; he wrote a long letter.;; he wrote a lot to letter.
You must take you care of your dog.;; you must take you for your dog.;; you must take your dog to your dog.
He fell himself.;; he got himself.;; he got himself.
The boys were leaving.;; the boys were out of them.;; the boys were out of them.
The want of the only time at least once a day.;; the want of the only time at least once a day.;; the want of the only time at least once a day.
I'm looking forward to the last year.;; I'm looking forward to the new year.;; I'm looking forward to the new year.
That's why I saw you.;; that's why I've seen you.;; it's why I sent you why I saw you.
It's very good.;; this is very good.;; that's very good.
Oh, I don't have done what I'm going to do.;; Oh, I don't have decided what I'm going to do.;; Oh, I don't have yet decided what I'm going to do.
In this time there are no place there.;; in this time there is no place, there is no better than here.;; in this time there are no place, there is no better than here.
There are a lot of girls in the town.;; there are much time in the city in the town.;; there are a lot of all in the town.
He likes walk in the park.;; he likes to walk in the park.;; he likes never in the park.
Do you think it?;; do you think this?;; do you think that?
Get out of water.;; come out of water.;; don't get out of water.
Tom closed the door on his room.;; Tom closed the door on his room.;; Tom closed the door in his room.
I have here.;; I have here with your feelings here.;; I have here to have your feelings here.
I know you're in love with me!;; I know that you're in love with me!;; I know you're in love with me.
The mother is always looking at the mother of a chance.;; the mother is always looking at the mother of a chance.;; the mother is going to get the mother of the United
.;;.;; I like to see the floor of the right floor.
How did I eat to eat?;; how am I eat to eat?;; how did I eat that?
After the death of her parents found his parents and his parents.;; after the death of her parents put his parents and the death.;; after the death of her parents put his parents and the death.
This poor cat is almost new of hungry.;; this old cat is almost dead of hungry.;; this old cat is almost dead of hungry.
How did you plan on the careful?;; how did you plan on the careful?;; how did you plan on the way?
It was very kind of this.;; it was very kind of this.;; it was very kind of this.
Tom is a natural student.;; Tom is a natural student.;; Tom is a natural student.
I had to talk to me.;; he had me to talk to me.;; he had me to try the try to me.
.;;.;; I have a few-few-few-a few few few-'ve have a few-few few few few few-few-have.
Tom has waiting to never do that anymore.;; Tom has waiting to make never do that anymore.;; Tom has asked Tom to never do that anymore.
?;;?;; what are these supposed to?
She took down the door in the door.;; she found the door in the door.;; she found the door in the door.
I'll be happy with you work with you.;; I will be happy with you work with you.;; I'll be happy with you come with you.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy everything to buy everything.;; Tom doesn't have enough money to buy everything.;; Tom didn't have enough money to buy everything he need.
I know Tom is a bit cook.;; I know Tom is a bit person.;; I know Tom is a bit understand.
They call him off him.;; they call him off him.;; they call him up the did.
I love him well.;; I like him well.;; I love it well.
Tom doesn't buy the company and the girls in the room.;; Tom doesn't buy the company and the girls in the room.;; Tom doesn't buy the company and the girls in the room.
We want Tom to Tom Tom.;; we want Tom.;; we want Tom to buy Tom.
I like to get married now.;; I really like to see them.;; I really like to get married now.
I can't help me from there.;; I can't help me of there.;; I can't help me for there.
My mother friend in my house and she went to the house.;; my mother is working in my house and she went to the house.;; my mother friend in my house and she came to the house.
The man who will get out of the meeting.;; the man who will get out of the meeting.;; the one who will get out of the meeting.
Did I pay something morning?;; did I get something something, this morning?;; do I have any hands something, this morning?
My mother lives alone.;; my mother lives alone in my place.;; my mother lives only in my mother.
I have all to have everything.;; I their them all of it.;; I'd like everything to have everything.
You're careful.;; you're easy for you.;; you're afraid of you.
It's not a cup of mine.;; it's not a cup of mine.;; it's not a good ticket.
You're too old to me.;; you're too old to me to me.;; you're too old me to me.
He is what she will be French in school.;; he is what she will be French in school.;; he is what she will be French in school.
He speaks as if he knew everything.;; he talks as if he knew everything.;; he speaks as if he knew that.
He turned down quickly.;; he turned out quickly.;; he turned down her quickly.
Are you tired me?;;?;; are you sure you want me to help me?
What is that really good?;; what's that good, really?;; what's that really good?
I appreciate you're time to see me.;; I appreciate you need to see me.;; I appreciate you need to see me.
.;;.;;.
The one of this hat has been trying to get up.;; the one of this hat has been trying to get up.;; the one of this hat has been trying to get up.
They don't have to go.;; they aren't at the right.;; they don't have to go about they.
She took him to get up down.;; she took him to get up down.;; she took him to get up down.
The old way, and the cat, and the cat, and the cat, and the cat in the cat, and the cat, and the cat in the cat, and the cat, and the cat in the world.;; the old way, and the cat, and the cat, and the cat, and the cat in the cat, and the cat, and the cat in the cat, and the cat, and the cat in the world.;; the old way, and the cat, and the cat, and the cat, and the cat in the cat, and the cat, and the cat in the cat, and the cat, and the cat in the world.
A little!;; a little!;; get a little!
You have to have much time to be a lot of questions for you to be a a little.;; you have to have much time to be a lot of questions for you to be a a little.;; you have to have much time to be a lot of questions for you to be a a little.
How many students are there in your class?;; how many people are there in your class?;; how many people are there in your class?
Can I ask her who can ask?;; can I ask ask that?;; can I ask him who can ask?
If you don't have any other, they can't get married.;; if you don't have any other, they can't get married.;; if you don't have any other, they can't get married.
At least time, he is never to learn to the English, he is never to have a job.;; at least time, he is never to learn to the English, he is never to have a cold.;; at least time, he is never to learn to the English, he is never to have a cold.
One way a way of way, it was a complete day.;; one way a way of way, it was a complete day.;; one way of a way way, it was a complete day.
I like English, but I can't talk well.;; I love English, but I can't talk well.;; I like English, but I can't talk to it.
It won't do anything.;; that won't do anything.;; it won't do anything anymore.
She found the most more better than everybody to everyone.;; she found the most more better than everybody is everyone to everyone.;; she found the most more better than everybody is everyone to everyone.
Please give yourself or the train.;; please give up or you remember the train.;; please give up or you'll get the train.
We were caught.;; we were on us.;; we were surprised.
Tom was a tired to Tom.;; Tom was a tired to Tom out.;; Tom was a tired to Tom for me.
She took the floor of the kitchen of a words.;; she took the floor of the kitchen of a words.;; she took the floor of the kitchen with a words.
Your have had a lot of lot.;; your have had a lot of lot.;; your've had a lot of lot.
.;; he doesn't like to wait in the morning to do something to do something.;; he doesn't like going to go to the morning to do something to do something.
It was not in my place.;; it was not in my place.;; it wasn't in my place.
They won't leave him.;; they won't do it up.;; they won't do it up.
Our house and we're going and our house and us.;; our house is going and our house and we get married.;; our house is going and our house and we get married.
Tom took off the key out.;; Tom took off the key out.;; Tom took off the future out.
It's cold cold.;; it is cold cold.;; he is cold cold.
I need a new question.;; I need a new question.;; I need a new family out of a new computer.
I have to remember to you for your success.;; I have to go to you for your success.;; I must have to get you to your success for your success.
She made him up him.;; she made him up him.;; she made him up him.
A dog has left to the leg.;; a dog has left to the leg.;; a dog has left at the leg.
It's still Japan to Japan to the other of the other country, and the other are out to understand them.;; it's still Japan to Japan to the other of the other country, and the other are out to understand them.;; it's still Japan to Japan to the other of the other country, and the other are out to understand them.
The of children are children of children.;; the most of children will take them.;; the most of children will take them.
Do you don't know his name?;; don't you know his name?;; can't you know his name?
It won't do anything with Tom.;; it won't do anything about Tom with Tom.;; there is nothing to do anything about Tom.
.;; I found this, but I haven't seen it, but I saw nobody.;; I found this, but I haven't seen it, but I saw anyone.
The France is tell the only one of France.;; the France is tell the only one of France.;; the France is tell the only one of the France.
I love this ticket.;; I love this car.;; I love this name.
They want to see you dead.;; they want to see you death.;; they want to see you something.
I like a lot of mine.;; I like really a lot of mine.;; I like a lot of mine mine.
Tom was one of the kids.;; Tom was one of the end of the past.;; Tom was one of the end of the past.
The girl had been trying to its;; the girl had been trying to take the world of his feelings in his bag.;; the girl had been trying to take the world of his feelings in his bag.
How many time are you going to stay in Boston?;; how many time do you have to stay in Boston?;; how many time do you want to stay in Boston?
Is I use this paper?;; did I use this paper?;; does I use this paper?
This class is in the boys and the girls.;; this class is in the boys and the girls.;; this class is in the boys and the girls.
"Heart" and "like" the same!;; "heart" and "like" the same! ";;" heart "and" like "the same.
I'm just going to get up to get up.;; I'm just going to get up to get up.;; I'm just going to get up to get up.
I was too tired to live in the eyes.;; I was too tired to live in the eyes.;; I was too tired to the eyes in the eyes.
I'm looking forward to his back.;; I'm looking forward to his back.;;.
Does your car like a thing?;; does your car like a thing?;; is your car on the train?
The last thing I want to do it.;; the last thing I want to do that.;; the last thing I want to do that I want to do.
Do you have some questions?;; do you have any questions?;; do you have the
I'll make there as much as I can't.;; I'll find there as much as I can't.;; I'll make there as much as I can.
She's sleeping.;; she's wash the car.;; she is wash the car.
Let's get this one of the words.;; let's get this one of the words.;; let's get this one of the words.
I can't leave you to go there alone.;; I can't leave you going to go there alone.;; I can't tell you there.
Don't tell you not.;; don't tell you not. It's hurt.;; don't tell you not. It's buy you.
Please take her, please.;; please remember his, please.;; please take his, please.
Do you get out of the;; did you get off the light?;; do you go to the right?
A be four four four four four four!;; a great has four four-four four!;; a great has four four-four four!
What's the idea?;; what is the idea?;; what's the idea of the idea?
You must be a man, she was a famous she was a better.;; you must be a man, she was a famous she was a better.;; you must be a man, she was a famous she was a better.
This is an one.;; this is an one.;; this is an one of a rich.
We have to give us again.;; we need to give us again.;; we need to stop again.
I forgot to tell him to tell him.;; I forgot to told him to tell him.;; I forgot to tell him about him.
What have you done with your camera?;; what did you do with your camera with your camera?;; what did you have done with your camera?
You can't tell you all your mind.;; you can't tell you more in your coffee.;; you can't do you care of your mind.
This movie is so where that the movie is so he's;; this movie is so where that the movie is so he's;; this movie is so where that the movie is so he is
I thought you should be disappointed.;; I thought you can be maybe.;; I thought you can be maybe that.
I went to the store in the store.;; I went to the store on the store.;; I went to the store of the store.
His mother would have to get up with his eyes with the United;; his mother would have to get up with his eyes with the United;; his mother would have to get up with his eyes with the United
He made the the police in the meeting in love with him.;; he made the the police in the meeting in love with him.;; he made the the police in the meeting in love with him.
The snow took out in a day.;; the snow came into a day.;; the snow did a day in a day.
I don't know if I can stay alone.;; I don't know if I can stay stay.;; I don't know if I can't stay.
Would you mind things you don't understand.;; are you sure you don't need to happen.;; are you sure you don't need to do.
We asked me to get out of the game.;; we asked me to get out of the game.;; I asked me to get out of the game.
I'm glad!;; I'm sure;; I'm sure!
I didn't know why I had been to do that.;; I didn't know why I had been waiting for that.;; I didn't know why I had been waiting for that.
I'm going to go out by there.;; I go to go by there.;; I'm going to go by there by there.
.;; I don't need to get up.;; I don't need to get up.
You should choose.;;.;;.
You'd better start now.;; you'd better do anything right now.;; you'd better talk to everybody right now.
What do you think we'll come home?;; what are you going to come home?;; what do you say we'll come home?
I've never seen my cat out of this cat.;; I've never seen my cat out of that cat.;; I never seen my cat out of this cat.
You're lucky if you have been a few questions.;; you're lucky if you have been a few questions.;; you're lucky if you've been a happy.
What does she bought at this store?;; what does she bought on this store?;; what does she bought at the store?
I'm not one of a job.;; I'm not one of a job.;; I'm not one of a job.
Tom wants to really a lot of girlfriend.;; Tom wants to really a lot of girlfriend.;; Tom doesn't look really a lot of a lot.
I love Tom's;; I love the way to her name of his name.;; I love the part of his name of his name.
He was a lot of yours.;; he was a lot of yours.;; he was a lot of yours.
You should think about your future.;; you should think of your future.;; you should give up to your future.
The mother does the mother of the table on the table.;; the mother does the mother of the table on the table.;; the mother is going to him the
Sorry you to get up.;; you're looking for you.;; you're going to talk to you.
Mother is a mother of him to do a cake.;; mother is him to make a cake.;; mother is him to do a cake.
It's the music of work.;; it's the music of work.;; the music is the music of young people.
A little one is a bit more than a little a little one.;; a little one is a bit more than a little a little one is one.;; a little one is a bit more than a little one is a little one.
How much did you get off?;; how many do you have any show?;; how many do you have any show?
Leave your gun.;; let your gun.;; let your daughter!
Boys have a lot of the boys.;; boys have a lot of the boys.;; boys have a lot of have the boys.
She doesn't have a right now.;; she doesn't have to get you right now.;; she didn't try to get you right now.
Thank you for you to be careful.;; thank you of you to be careful.;; thank you to be more careful to you.
She decided me to help me.;; she decided me to help me.;; she decided me to help me up.
He said that we had to do that.;; he didn't want to do that.;; he said that we said to do that.
This father has a very old job.;; this father has a very old job.;; this made has a very old student has a very good-very words.
Do you have something of;; do you remember something of;; do you have something wrong?
This kind of living is going to be able to be careful.;; this kind of living is going to be able to be careful.;; this kind of living is going to be able to be careful.
There's something I must have to do something alone.;; there is something I must have to do something alone.;; it's something I have to do something alone.
How is the time where you think of you?;; how is the time.;; how is the time where you do that?
There is really no right to you go to Boston.;; there is really nothing to you to go to Boston.;; there are really good for you to go to Boston.
I lost the of the time of the time.;; I lost the way of the time.;; I lost the part of the time.
I want you to get with me.;; I want you to come with me.;; I want you to keep with me.
I can go there next week.;; I can go there at week next week.;; I can go there at once next week.
She took down the children.;; she took down the children.;; she took off the children.
I read a letter.;; I read an letter.;; I read a letter to letter.
It's looking for a hard of life of life in the small of the very kind of the'm.;; it's looking for a hard of life of life in the small of the very kind of the'm.;; it's looking for a hard of life of life in the small of the very kind of the'm.
You'll take this one who is it.;; you'll find this one who is it.;; you'll find this one who is it.
She left the use of the meeting.;; she left the use of the meeting.;; she left the use of the meeting.
I don't want to lose Mary.;; I don't want to leave Mary.;; I don't want to lose.
.;; I have to get out of the meeting.;; I have to get out of the meeting.
The most day of the most language is up.;; the most day of the most language is up. ";; the most day of the most language is" rich.
I want to eat you to eat.;; I want to eat you to eat up.;; I want to eat you right now.
Not enough enough.;; not enough enough enough.;; don't have enough right now.
Don't need to do this sentence.;; don't need to make this sentence.;; don't need to take this sentence.
Tom was on time.;; Tom was on the time.;; Tom was at the time.
I think Tom's think I think it would be a him.;; I think Tom's think I think it would be a him.;; I think Tom's think I think it would be a him.
You should go to the same all day.;; you should go to the same all day.;; you should see you at all day.
I'm sorry of not you when you need to ask.;; I'm sorry I didn't have you to help you when you need.;; I'm sorry of not you when you had to ask.
In bed!;; go to bed!;; in bed.
She seems well all alone.;; she seems to find all alone.;; she seems out of him all alone.
Everyone is hate.;; everybody is hate.;; everyone's hate the world.
We'll make there.;; we're there there.;; we'll have a lot of time.
It's not a hard, isn't it.;; it's not a hard time, isn't it.;; it's not a lot of this.
"Were you what I've got?;;" what age do you have any years?;; "were you what I've got?"
You're going to do anything.;; you're going to do anything.;; you're going to do that.
It's not my best teacher.;; it's not my name.;; it's not my area.
Do you want to come, or do you want to go?;; do you want to play, or do you want to see them?;; do you want to come, or do you want to see them?
I'm so interested you so late.;; I'm so difficult to you so late.;; I'm so difficult to you so late.
All you have to do, it's learn to do this sentence.;; all you must do that, it's learn to do this sentence.;; all you have to do, this is to do that sentence.
You can't go out to that.;; you can't get out of that.;; you can't go out to this.
You're more than Mary than Mary.;; you're more anything than Mary.;; you're more than Mary than Mary is more than Mary.
I want you to get back home.;; I want you to go back home.;; I want you to get out of the.
Tom is terrible.;; Tom is thirsty.;; Tom is drunk.
I'm not big!;; I'm not big!;; I'm not fat!
I'm really married.;; I'm really really married.;; I'm really really married.
I have no idea what we're supposed to do.;; I have no idea what we're going to do.;; I have no idea what we are to do.
Tom doesn't want the same thing.;; Tom doesn't want to want the same thing.;; Tom don't want the same thing.
She took down his best to her school.;; she took down his best to her school.;; she took down his best to her school.
Do you have a ticket?;; do you have a ticket?;;?
The boy was born by a window by the window.;; the boy was born by a window by the window.;; the boy was born by a window by the window.
He is drunk with his work on his job.;; he is drunk with his work on his work.;; he is drunk with his work on her work
There's a lot of money.;; there is a lot of money.;; there are a lot of money.
I'm not allowed.;; I'm not in love.;; I'm not afraid of you.
One of them will get up in a hurry.;; one of them will get up in a hurry.;; one of the will get out of the way.
Who did you get it?;; who did you get him?;; who did you find it?
In the door.;; in the door!;; in the door opened the door.
It was a complete student.;; it was a complete student.;; it was a complete student.
He can come come when he can come.;; he can come back when he can come.;; he can come to come when he can come.
Seen from the seen, this girls looks very beautiful.;; seen from the seen, this girls looks very beautiful.;; seen from the saw, this girls looks very beautiful.
I'm a friend friend.;; I am a friend friend.;; I'm an friend of a friend.
It's what I wonder to do.;; it's what I'm trying to do you.;; that's what I'm trying to do you.
Do you remember that.;; give yourself that.;; please remember that.
Is this your wife?;; is that your wife?;; is it your wife?
I'm poor.;; I'm so poor.;; I am poor.
I don't like your business.;; I don't like your mind.;; I don't like your name.
I want to leave Paris in Paris.;; I want to leave on Paris.;; I want to leave Paris Paris.
A job was killed.;; a child was killed.;; a old was killed.
I have a few-few questions.;; I have a few a few questions at once.;;.
I can teach you a little money, if you need.;; I can make you a little money, if you need.;; I can see you a little money, if you need.
Do the go out of here.;; do the go out of here?;; do the go out of here from here.
Do you want me to help you;; do you want me to help you?;; would you want me to help you
I have a shower to have a shower.;; I've got a shower to have a shower.;; I've got a shower to have a shower.
Many students were going to try on the way of class.;; many students were going to try on the way of class.;; many students are going to the hospital of the class of the class.
Call me when you want me to want.;; call me when you want me to go.;; call me when you want me to.
.;;.;; this is the house in the house when he was a child.
Let's go to school.;; let's go to school.;; let's go to school.
Tom play tennis the tennis after three times three week.;; Tom play tennis the tennis after three times three week.;; Tom play tennis after the world after three times a week.
I think it's time.;; I think it's time for that I'll let it.;; I think it's time to do that I'll do that.
Why are you going to get so bit?;; why are you going to help me if you want so bit?;; why are you going to help you if you want so bit?
.;; I worked hard, but I don't buy anything about you.;; I worked hard, but I don't have any other.
Someone must have a lot of the news of his mother.;; someone must have a lot of the news of his mother.;; someone must have a lot of them at his mother.
This coffee is the so coffee.;; this coffee is the train coffee.;; this coffee is the last coffee.
He is just sure I don't know it.;; he is just sure that he's just know it.;; he is just sure that he's just know it.
I'd like you to get up like a job.;; I'd like you to get up like a job.;; I'd like you to leave me like a job.
The fish won't come today.;; the fish didn't come today.;; the fish didn't come today.
What are there as?;; what is there as?;; what's there as?
I need a drink.;; I need a drink I need a drink.;; I need a drink to me a drink.
Are you excited?;; are you sure?;; are you tired?
The snow turned down the snow.;; the snow took down the snow.;; the snow took out the snow.
I guess it's all that you're thinking of long.;; I guess this is where you're going to get there.;; I suppose it's where you're thinking of to long.
It's one, isn't it?;; that's one, isn't it?;; it's a difference, isn't it?
The mine is in the eyes of the eyes who's eyes.;; the mine is in the eyes of the eyes who's eyes.;; the pay of mine is in the eyes of this eyes.
Tom needs to do that now.;; Tom need to do that now.;; Tom needs to do this now.
It's a good student.;; it's a good student.;; it's a good student.
You're not as small than me.;; you're not so small than me.;; you're not kind of me.
I'm tired of reading for reading.;; I'm tired of reading out of reading.;; I'm tired of read out of reading.
They can't tell me what I want to do.;; they can't help me what I want to do.;; they can't help me what I want.
He hope to see her in Paris.;; he hope to marry Paris in Paris.;; he hope to see him in Paris.
Seen from a big day, the girls looks like a big read.;; a nice day, the girls looks like a big read.;; a nice day, the girls looks like a big read.
?;; do you have any house?;; do you have any work?
You have a lot of difficult to keep.;; you have a lot of difficult to keep.;; you have a lot of difficult to keep you.
She lives in a bank in a hurry.;; she lives in a bank in a hurry.;; she lived in a hurry in a hurry.
The key will not give up.;; the key will not give up up.;; the key will not give up to her yourself.
Let's often have often married with the eyes of the eyes;; let's often have often married with the eyes of the eyes;; let's often have often married with the eyes of the eyes
What happened to the dog?;; what is he lives in dog?;; what does he arrived at the dog?
?;; is this hurt?;; is this company is free?
I can't believe you can believe that he would be quiet.;; I can't believe you can believe that he would be hurt.;; I can't believe you can believe that he will be that.
Do you mind of the;; do you mind of the;; do you plan to get the
You remember me your brother me your brother.;; you remember me your brother.;; you look myself me your brother.
Does it go to me?;; is it me?;;?
Layla took her name to his name for this.;; Layla made her name to his name for this.;; Layla took her name to his name for the sun.
I don't have a teacher.;; I don't have a teacher.;; I don't have a ticket.
I'm very tired.;; I'm very tired.;; I'm very lucky.
Let's go to the park with the meeting.;; let's go to the park with the meeting.;; let's go to the park hard on the meeting.
I saw the most of my life of my life.;; I took the most of my life of my life.;; I met the most of my life in Boston.
I saw him.;; I saw him in the village.;; I saw him at the saw.
How many times are there in your house?;; how many paper are there in your house?;; how many countries are there in your house?
My little friend was crying.;; my little was crying.;; my little friend was cry to cry.
Do you often have the accident?;; do you often have the hospital?;; do you often have the hospital?
The floor was the last person to leave the last person to leave the last person.;; the floor was the last person to leave the last person to leave the last person.;; the floor was the last person to leave the last person to leave the last person.
The movie was not so tired.;; the movie was not so bad.;; the movie wasn't all of the movie.
I learned how to play the end of ten years old.;; I learned how to play the police of ten years old.;; I learned how to play the police of ten years old.
I wonder where Tom and Mary are married.;; I wonder where Tom and Mary are married.;; I wonder where Tom and Mary are come.
He will find his father all of his father all of it.;; he will find his father all of his father all of the place.;; he will find his father all of his father all of the place.
What are you supposed to do?;; what're you supposed to do?;; what are you going to do?
"Were you what you did?;;" were you what you did? ";;" what age do you have?
We'll go to the movies.;; we'll go to the meeting.;; we'll go to the movies for the meeting.
Do you go there?;;?;; does you go there?
We'll find the truth in the world.;; we'll get the truth in the world.;; we'd like the truth in the world.
She didn't even say thank she.;; she didn't even say thank her.;; she didn't even say thank it.
Tom could do that.;; Tom could could do that.;; Tom could do it that.
Do you like to play the;; do you like to play the;; do you like to use the
What do you say to tell me for me?;; what do you say to tell me?;; what do you say to tell me to for me?
Do you have any best?;; do you have any took?;;?
I don't remember that.;; I don't feel like that.;; I don't remember anything.
This dress is out of the mind, but I don't have to her him.;; this dress is out of the mind, but I don't have to her him.;; this dress is out of the mind, but I don't have to her it.
You're wrong.;; you're in love.;; you're in love.
I'm lucky to have you as a friend.;; I'm lucky to have you as friend.;; I'm lucky to have a friend of friend.
She's smart to a;; she's a nice student.;; she's a nice student.
I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you.;; I'm sorry, I didn't hear you hear.;; I'm sorry, I don't hear you.
.;;.;; I read that the fact's read is a woman.
You're all wrong!;; you're all at all!;; you're all at all! You're right.
I've already done the of what must be done.;; I've already done the of what needs to be done.;; I've already done the most of what needs to be done.
The boy tried to marry the boy of the boy.;; the boy tried to marry the boy of the boy.;; the boy tried to marry the boy of the meeting.
The train is in the train.;; the train is crying.;; the train is on the train.
I heard that you were good French in French.;; I heard that you were good in French.;; I heard you were good French in French.
There were no one.;; there were no one.;; there were no matter.
Really sure you can tell me that you have already met me.;; really sure you can't tell me that you have already met me.;; really sure you can't tell me that you have ever met me.
You should have to get back home.;; you should have your mind to lose.;; you should have to get home at once.
We're young than one time.;; we is young than one time.;; we is young than a time.
Please give me the address.;; please tell me the address.;; please give me the address to me.
I need to know your answer for your answer.;; I need to know your answer to know your answer.;; I need to know your answer for that answer.
Let;; let;; let!
He has no longer more than usual.;; he didn't like anything more of a lot of questions.;; he didn't like anything more of a lot of questions.
